Expand documentation on running interactively (#3967)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/picongpu: docs/source/install/profile.rst

picongpu.profile
================

.. sectionauthor:: Axel Huebl, Klaus Steiniger

We recommend to use a ``picongpu.profile`` file, located directly in your ``$HOME/`` directory,
to set up the environment within which PIConGPU will run by conviently performing

.. code-block:: bash

   source $HOME/picongpu.profile

on the command line after logging in to a system.
PIConGPU is shipped with a number of ready-to-use profiles for different systems which are located in
``etc/picongpu/<cluster>-<institute>/`` within PIConGPU's main folder.
Have a look into this directory in order to see for which HPC systems profiles are already available.
If you are working on one of these systems, just copy the respective ``*_picongpu.profile.example``
from within this directory into your ``$HOME`` and make the necessary changes, such as e-mail address
or PIConGPU source code location defined by ``$PICSRC``.

> If there is no profile for the HPC system you are wroking on available, feel free to create one and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no profile is available for the HPC system you are working on, feel free to create one and
```
